0. BIOS 1TR Biosciences Transfer = introductory biology course * need the official transcript for the official course name
1. BIOS 1TR Biosciences Transfer - only 1 credit hour so it was probably the lab* need the official transcript for the official course name

2. ENGL 112 Composition =  Develops skills in composition, critical inquiry, and information literacy. Students generate, revise, and edit several essays with special attention to the writing process.
3. ENGL 135 Advanced Composition = is a course that focuses on strengthening scholarly writing skills, often with a focus on synthesizing sources and organizing a small-scale literature review

4. HUMN 2TR Humanities Transfer = a humanities course * need the official transcript for the official course name

5. LTRE 421 Studies in Literature = helps students become skilled technical writers, focusing on presenting technical material effectively across various media and for diverse global audiences and purposes, with an emphasis on audience needs, rhetorical purposes, and addressing workplace, social, or global problems. 

6. MATH 114 Algebra for College Students =  a college-level course in algebra, focusing on multiple representations of functions and relations, including linear, quadratic, exponential, and logarithmic, used to solve equations, inequalities, systems of equations, and application problems. 

7. PSYC 315 Social Psychology = examines the effects of the social situation on individuals' thoughts, feelings, and behaviors, covering topics like social perception, attitudes, prejudice, and interpersonal relationships. 
8. PSYC 4TR Psychology Transfer * need the official transcript for the official course name

9. SOCS 185 Culture and Society = explores the role of culture in social organizations, analyzing social institutions and issues of race and gender within social structures in the context of multicultural societies and global interaction. 
10. SOCS 2TR Social Sciences Transfer =  * need the official transcript for the official course name
